Add htlc (#7)
scale-it/algo-builder-templates: htlc/README.md

- Network Indexer URL: Similar to above, this is URL for indexer.
- Network Headers: You need to add your `<algod_token>` and `<indexer_token>` here. <indexer_token> could be blank if not needed. Format
  - ```
    {"Algod":{"X-Algo-API-Token":"<algod_token>"},"Indexer":{"X-Algo-API-Token":"<indexer_token>"}}
    ```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the react app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

> See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Reviewer: Please update the readme with more information about htlc. You can look at `/examples/ts-htlc/README` and use that content. Also it should be clear to the end user how to execute htlc related tx in webapp.

Author: Okay

# HTLC dApp Template

> ## Hash-Time-Lock-Contract Example in Typescript using PyTeal

Reviewer: Why `in TypeScript`?

Author: Didn't give this much thought. Do you think this should be in `js` ?

Reviewer: Yes, as script in written in JS. We used typescript in the example project because it was written in TS

There exists a descriptive example explaining how HTLC contracts work with Algo-Builder. It can be found [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/tree/master/examples/htlc-pyteal-ts).

Read [here](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Hash_Time_Locked_Contracts) for more information about the HTLC pattern.

Files:

> * `assets/htlc.py` : It is the HTLC. SHA256 function is used for hashing. <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `assets/htlc.py` : This is the smart contract implementing HTLC. SHA256 function is used for hashing. <br />
```

>         secret value : `sample secret key` hashed with sha256 will be used in this code.

Reviewer: So this is the correct secret value here, Right? If i try to use another secret value then tx would fail. Can we add this as a **NOTE**?

Author: Sure.

* `scripts/deploy.ts` : It is used to create and fund HTLC contract account which is defined in `assets/htlc.py`.

> 

Reviewer: Please add instructions about the webapp as well (how to use it / flow).

Author: okay
